Hello dear reader.
The easiest way to see the results is to open the R file r_plot_script.r
in R and run the code. It should display both the graphs and the p-values
that are given in the report. This is the simplest way of showing
how the data was "transformed" into the results. There are two more
in-depth ways where new values will be generated by the programs.

The least in-depth option is to compile the main.cpp file with `g++ main.cpp`
(tested on a linux machine). This can then simply be run with ./a.out. With
the current settings this should create a csv file for the type 1 maze with
and without helpers. Unfortunately the process of getting the type 2 maze or
ten (or more) runs is not automated. One would need to change the `breakDown`
variable in main.cpp to 'true' and 'run' to a different number. If this is
done ten times the R script can be used to do a new analysis.

The most in-depth option involves creating new mazes. Helpers have to be manually
added to these mazes. So one might want to backup the `maze_export` and
`maze_export_broken` files first if they don't want to do that. `mazeprogram.py`
can be run with python2 (tested with Python 2.7.16 on a linux machine) if `pygame` 
is installed. Otherwise this can be installed with `pip install pygame`. The 
program can then be called with `python mazeprogram.py <size> <size>` where 
<size> is an int determining the maze size. The program creates a file called
`maze_export` with the maze in csv format. Note that this program was not written
by us. We merely modified it to output the maze in a csv file. In order to
get a type 2 maze, a different program needs to be compiled and run. This can be
done with `g++ wall_breaker.cpp`. This program was created by us. The program
will take the maze_export file and remove random walls. It will then write this
new maze to maze_export_broken. Note that currently the amount of walls to break
is set to 4000. For a small maze this will results in a maze without walls (except
for the outer edges). This can be changed by changing the wallsToBreak variable
and compiling the program again. At this point helpers need to be manually added
to the mazes according to the description in the report. This can easily be done
by changing the last 0 of a given row in the maze_export* file(s) to a 1, which
will change that specific location into a helper state. At this point the main
programme and the R script can be run again.

If by some odd sense of curiousity one wants to see how Monte Carlo gets stuck,
it can easily be run by uncommenting lines 115-117 and 139-141. This is not
part of our experiment however (for the obvious reason that it does not work
and likely needs further debugging).
